Changelog v1.12.1 (#6049)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.12.1] - 2025-05-06

### Added

- Support for Unix sockets in trust bundle URLs (#5932)
- Documentation improvements and additions (#5989, #6012)

### Changed

> - Default timeout for the event-based cache is now configurable (#5988)
> - Server cache performance enhanced by batching updates to cache entries (#5966)

Reviewer: The tickets seem to be wrong here. Also some rewording:
```suggestion
- `sql_transaction_timeout` replaced by `event_timeout` and value reduced to 15 minutes (#5966)
- Events based cache performance improvements by batch fetching updated entries (#5970)
```

> - Events based cache performance improvements by batch fetching updated entries (#5970)

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
- Experimental events-based cache performance improvements by batch fetching updated entries (#5970)
```
